# A Sailor and the Fraction
Once upon a time, there was a sailor in a boat filled with bone cheese. Making his way across the Buildata oceans, he encountered a beautiful creature. It called itself the "Fraction". It was so perfect, it sang to the sailor, "look at me, so perfectly divisible!". But the sailors assistant, whose name was "long" quickly pointed that the creature was as divisible as they were, it was still made of flesh and bones, you couldn't cut it infinitely without it becoming soup. 

A stowaway on board, whose name was "double", came out from under the deck. He was crooked, his bones square like the hardened lactate cargo. He said, "do not be fooled, under his skin it is just like me, only fatter and lazy.". The cheese-ridden bones in his mouth spoke with ease, and the sailor's trance was broken. He realized that infact the Fraction was a spawn of the double, and it's fake skin covered up it's true evil. The creature was only good for it's meat, it's cheese bones could be cut with ease, useless for armor or shields. He proposed we capture the creature and keep it in the bottom of the ship, where no other crew could be tempted by it's doublish songs. The sailor did as the cheese man suggested. The sailor shouted "ship.yaw += 30;" into the air, and the ship flicked around instantly and set sail for Tick Delta Harbor. 

A few days of travel and suddenly the ocean beneath them quaked, and a 3 headed kraken rose from the depths. It's 3 heads were devoid of defects, perfect in shape, "BigInteger", "BigDecimal" and "BigFraction" were the names of the heads. No other could match it's perfection, no weapon could pierce its perfect scales, no mathmetician or engineer could compare to its perfect geometry. However, it was simply too big to live on land, the lack of water pressure would crush the beast in minutes, so the sailors unfurled their sails, speeding towards the nearest shore. 

Although they did not reach their intended destination, they had instead stumbled upon a mystical place, where countless hours could be spent soley in deliberation... Bikeshed Kingdom. On their journey to the castle at the top of the mountain, they climed the steps of Config, marveled at the statue of Permissions, and watched the waterfall of packets. 

They maintained the order and balance of Bikeshed, keeping its citizens perpetually thinking, preventing them from ever sucessfully revolting against the greedy king, and halting all progress. 

Once they climbed to the top of Mt. Fabric and entered the castle, they spoke to the king, King Liach, and asked for asylum. The king said "Very bad idea, so many stowaways with scurvy and so much bone cheese, trying to sneak in harmful food but I hereby block your malicious attempt. But I will help you, if you can meet my demands." The sailor asked the king what said demands were.. "Sacrifice one of your members to be thrown into the pit of irritaters". 

The sailor gasped. It was well known throughout the world that irritaters were harsh and had no mercy, they seeked only vengence for the crimes humanity had commited on tater-kind. 

His assistant pointed out to him that the king had not specified which of the crew they had to sacrifice, and that they could just sacrifice the Fraction. The sailor nodded, and turned his face back to the king and said "We accept your transaction, your irritaters will have quite the feast today". He ordered the other crew members to drag the Fraction to the steps of the mountain, where the king's men would dispose of the creature. It's dying words were "please abort this transaction before it's too late!", but an irritater's blade confirmed the transaction, there was no coming back from this deed. The creature was dead.

The sailor and his crew lived happily ever after, and after 3 years of hard thinking, they all died of mental fatigue and were buried under the Fluid Volume monument.
